README.md, before:

A [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) extractor [plugin](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#plugins) for handling difficult generic HLS playlists

---

## NOTICE

This plugin has been made obsolete by [yt-dlp version 2023.03.21.231235](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp-nightly-builds/releases/tag/2023.03.21.231235), [commit c2e0fc4](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/commit/c2e0fc40a73dd85ab3920f977f579d475e66ef59)

**All of this plugin's features are now native to yt-dlp. As such, this plugin will no longer be updated.**

Run `yt-dlp --update-to nightly` or install the master branch to use the native yt-dlp HLS extractor-args. You may want to review [yt-dlp's `hls_key` syntax](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#generic), as it differs somewhat from this plugin.

---

Usage:

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_uri=URI"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the key URI from the m3u8 playlist and downloads the key from the provided `URI` instead

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_key=KEY"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the key URI from the m3u8 playlist and instead uses the provided `KEY` (as hex) to decrypt the fragments. This argument supersedes `hls_key_uri`

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_iv=IV"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the IV from the m3u8 playlist and instead uses the provided `IV` (as hex) to decrypt the fragments

 * `--extractor-args "generic:variant_query"`
   * append the query parameters from the master manifest URL to each of its media playlist URLs. Can be used in conjunction with yt-dlp's built-in `fragment_query` generic extractor argument

Multiple generic extractor args can passed using a semicolon as separator, e.g.:
```
--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_key=0123456789abcdef;hls_aes_iv=0x9876543210fedcba;variant_query;fragment_query"
```


## Installation

Requires yt-dlp `2023.02.17` or above.

You can install this package with pip:
```
python3 -m pip install -U https://github.com/bashonly/yt-dlp-HLSTools/archive/master.zip
```

See [yt-dlp installing plugins](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#installing-plugins) for the many other ways this plugin package can be installed.

Commit message:

Restrict compatibility to yt-dlp versions that require a plugin

README.md, after:

A [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) extractor [plugin](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#plugins) for handling difficult generic HLS playlists

---

## NOTICE

This plugin has been made obsolete by [yt-dlp version 2023.03.21.231235](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp-nightly-builds/releases/tag/2023.03.21.231235), [commit c2e0fc4](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/commit/c2e0fc40a73dd85ab3920f977f579d475e66ef59)

**All of this plugin's features are now native to yt-dlp. As such, this plugin will no longer be updated, and it has been disabled for yt-dlp versions where it is obsolete**

Run `yt-dlp --update-to nightly` or install the master branch to use the native yt-dlp HLS extractor-args. You may want to review [yt-dlp's `hls_key` syntax](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#generic), as it differs somewhat from this plugin.

---

Usage:

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_uri=URI"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the key URI from the m3u8 playlist and downloads the key from the provided `URI` instead

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_key=KEY"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the key URI from the m3u8 playlist and instead uses the provided `KEY` (as hex) to decrypt the fragments. This argument supersedes `hls_key_uri`

 * `--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_iv=IV"`
   * native HLS downloader ignores the IV from the m3u8 playlist and instead uses the provided `IV` (as hex) to decrypt the fragments

 * `--extractor-args "generic:variant_query"`
   * append the query parameters from the master manifest URL to each of its media playlist URLs. Can be used in conjunction with yt-dlp's built-in `fragment_query` generic extractor argument

Multiple generic extractor args can passed using a semicolon as separator, e.g.:
```
--extractor-args "generic:hls_aes_key=0123456789abcdef;hls_aes_iv=0x9876543210fedcba;variant_query;fragment_query"
```


## Installation

Requires yt-dlp version [2023.02.17](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/releases/tag/2023.02.17) to [2023.03.21.225804](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp-nightly-builds/releases/tag/2023.03.21.225804).

You can install this package with pip:
```
python3 -m pip install -U https://github.com/bashonly/yt-dlp-HLSTools/archive/master.zip
```

See [yt-dlp installing plugins](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp#installing-plugins) for the many other ways this plugin package can be installed.
